Title: Life During a Paandemic
Date: 2020-05-16
Tags: Meta
Summary: In case you are reading this from the future.

## Context ##
The world is going through the Covid-19 pandemic right now and it has
brought the world to its knees.  We've been under lockdown for more
than a month. It started during the last week of March and we are
already at the Middle of May.

There is no sign of this pandemic stopping anytime soon. There are
just a bunc of theories.

## Work ##
Things are quite bad overall. A bunch of people I know have been fired
or know someone who has been fired. Some companies are doing good,
some are doing bad. I am not sure how most companies will come out of
this.

We went complete remote about a week before the official lockdown
started and so far my colleagues at our HR team and our internal
systems has been very very helpful. They are doing everything they can
and I could not ask for more. 

Work seems ot have increased during the lockdown. The site is seeing
an increase in traffick due to some advertisement champaigns etc
etc. All of this is veyr new to me. I had no idea that advertisements
were so effective. Regardless, it is very interesting and I am
personally quite glad that the container platform here is working as
intended. We are also onboarding a lot of new services in the
container ecosystem. Its is quite fun.

Work has increased though. Previously when we used to go to office we
could choose when to sign off, but recently with working from home I
am clocking 12-hour days on an average. It's been really hectic.


## Personal Finance ##

I am a very conservative person when it comes to personal finance. I
dont like speding money. I started to put some money in various Mutual
Funds from Jan, 2020. This was after I had suffitient money saved for
my rainy-day-fund. 

During the lockdown, I caught a stupid mistake in my calculation and I
realized that I did not have enough money in my rainy-day store for a
year, so I pulled back some money from the Mutual Funds, with some
losses. Lesson Learnt.


## Normal Life ##
I quite like being isolated. I've been weaning myself off of Social
Media steadily for about 3 months now. Instagram and facebook were the
first to go. Followed by less dependence on Twitter and Reddit and
Whatsapp. On certain days I can pass an entire day without talking to
a single living soul. 

I've been reading a bit more these days. I have a decent amount of
time, now with working from home etc etc. Im getting less time to read
than before, but its okay.

I developed a lower-back ache about 2 weeks back and henceforth I
started exercising regularly. The back pain is better.

I started talking to my college friends again. Its been rather nice to
talk to them. 

## Food ##
I have always had a weird relationship with food. I got a bunch fo
supplies to last me a good couple of weeks of isolation and that they
did. However my supplies are about to run away so I am rationing now.

For the first month, I lived mostly on Bread and Peanut Butter
Sandwiches. I used to toast them sometimes with Margarine. And
oats. We get "just add hot water" type oats here. I prefer these to
instant noodles. To augment the nutritional value, I also add peas and
vegetables to them.

I tried experimenting with eggs and meat and I have to say, it is
considerably more work than the value they provide.

Since this lockdown is not coming to an end anytime soon, I am trying
a different sort of cooking than my traditional "boil everything
together with salt". I am adding beans to the mix. They are quite
nutritious.


<hr>

That is all for today. Thanks for reading. Let's hope that we get
through this mess quickly.


